# Jeff's response to Jan 12 proposal

Clearly, you're much more interested in Idea #1, so
I'm not going to give you YARA feedback.

Overall, this looks great. It's a well scoped project
with plenty of room for extra features, deeper
exploration, etc.

Here, in no particular order, is a collection of
suggestions and observations.

- Early (like this week) I'd like you to do a literature
review. What techniques have been developed and researched
for malicious extension detection and analysis? This can
help you build your goals list as well as deepen your
project overall.

- I don't have a good sense of the flow of events
if I'm a user of your tool. That's OK at this stage,
but in your next round of envisioning this project,
you need to articulate a clearer user experience.

- I suspect that you're going to want to write some
intentionally malicious extension samples to do your
initial testing (in addition, of course, to real-life
known malicious extensions). Homegrown samples can form
the basis of a great demo for technical users, as well.
"See this extension doing bad stuff? See this attribute
of its badness in its source code or manifest or data?
See our tool using that attribute to detect the evil
extension and quarantine it?..."

- I can imagine lots of features beyond the basic "take
one extension, analyze it, and report on it." For example,
integration with well-known extension stores/libraries
(presumably Chrome, Firefox, Safari, etc. have extension
stores of some kind). Also, using multiple analysis
techniques (see the literature search mentioned above)
and reporting on those techniques' results separately. etc.
Brainstorm these ideas, so you have plenty of ideas even
if you don't have time to get to them all. While brainstorming,
imagine what a non-technical user would want, but also
what a technical user would want.
